Incredible. Do you think anybody's up? I know it's late or early wherever you are, but some parts of the world are awake right now.
So, I just thought I'd pray with y'all a little bit. What I felt in my spirit as we're waiting for some other people to show up with us.
I don't know how many people would be up right now, but this is the urgency that I felt yesterday.
I was in such deep prayer and intercession concerning this war that we're about to see.
This is a lot more serious than what people realize. And so as we pray now, we pray for the safety of our troops.
We pray for the safety of any kind of ground invasion. I really truly believe we're about to see a great escalation of things.
Remember I told you when the tariffs and all the things with the Supreme Court fell and I said when that happened, I said it's time for plan B.
Do you remember that? I told you specifically what I saw when the Supreme Court failed. I said, What's plan B?
And plan B was this and exactly what I told you all in the spirit and what I've been praying over privately in the days past.
I heard the Lord say you must pray over the Supreme Court decision for this will be another domino.
This is what's coming next, war, and I saw this all unfolding like we're seeing right now and I saw Israel strike first.
I saw President Trump wanted to go about it diplomatically and Benjamin wanted to push the button.
I saw him push the button and then I saw anti-semitism come to an all-time high for Israel in the days ahead if anybody remembers and I said this will be by God's hand and there will be so many people leave New York and other places in the days ahead to come back to the motherland Israel, Jerusalem and I saw people leaving from all over and they needed finances and there were ministries that needed finances to bring the people home and I saw this coming for great anti-semitism and protests and riots will come in the days ahead.
And then the Lord showed me going up clear into the 250th anniversary, praying over our nation, what was one of the major things I said to pray over Easter after Ramadan, praying for a Ramadan because after Ramadan and the things that I saw leading up to this for attacks against our own homeland soil and I even brought this up not even 3 or 4 hours ago in the live of what I saw.
I've had to be very careful because of the sensitivity of the things I have been seeing because I don't want to put our troops in harm's way.
I have not let these things out because of the sensitivity of it and how I believe how accurate it truly is concerning certain things.
And so we see it now. I believe in the name of Jesus, we pray over our military bases.
We pray over our battleships. We pray over any kind of retaliation. You know what would be amazing?
What would be just God is if they all just laid down their arms because they want to be free from the ayatollah Khomeini.
Wouldn't that be awesome if they just say, You know what? We're not going to fight back.
We don't want to retaliate. We want a new government. We want a new leader.
And so we lay down our arms. We're not fighting back the Americans.
We're excited just to get rid of this dictator. Wouldn't that be God?
I've seen bigger things. I've been saying that that could happen.
That's a huge thing. But I just believe that it could happen.
You know what? President Trump, they're wanting to liberate us. Let's just don't fight back.
Let's get because even whatever he said, I want to play this what he just said.
He just had a press briefing. Did anybody watch that? What he just said at Mar-a-Lago in Florida.
Play what he said. He just basically declared war. A short time ago, the United States military began major combat operations in Iran.
Our objective is to defend the American people by eliminating imminent threats from the Iranian regime, a vicious group of very hard, terrible people.
Its menacing activities directly endanger the United States, our troops, our bases overseas, and our allies throughout the world.
For 47 years, the Iranian regime has chanted death to America and waged an unending campaign of bloodshed and mass murder, targeting the United States, our troops, and the innocent people in many, many countries.
Among the regime's very first acts was to back a violent takeover of the US embassy in Tehran, holding dozens of American hostages for 444 days.
In 1983, Iran's proxies carried out the Marine barracks bombing in Beirut that killed 241 American military personnel.
In 2000, they knew and were probably involved with the attack on the USS Cole. Many died.
Iranian forces killed and maimed hundreds of American service members in Iraq.
The regime's proxies have continued to launch countless attacks against American forces stationed in the Middle East in recent years, as well as US naval and commercial vessels in international shipping lanes.
It's been mass terror and we're not going to put up with it any longer.
From Lebanon to Yemen and Syria to Iraq, the regime has armed, trained, and funded terrorist militias that have soaked the earth with blood and guts.
And it was Iran's proxy Hamas that launched the monstrous October 7th attacks on Israel, slaughtering more than 1,000 innocent people, including 46 Americans, while taking 12 of our citizens hostage.
It was brutal, something like the world has never seen before.
Iran is the world's number one state sponsor of terror and just recently killed tens of thousands of its own citizens on the street as they protested.
It has always been the policy of the United States in particular my administration that this terrorist regime can never have a nuclear weapon.
I'll say it again. They can never have a nuclear weapon. That is why in operation midnight hammer last June we obliterated the regime's nuclear program at Fordo, Natanz and Isfahan.
After that attack we warned them never to resume their malicious pursuit of nuclear weapons and we sought repeatedly to make a deal.
We tried. They wanted to do it. They didn't want to do it again.
They wanted to do it. They didn't want to do it. They didn't know what was happening.
They just wanted to practice evil. But Iran refused, just as it has for decades and decades.
They've rejected every opportunity to renounce their nuclear ambitions, and we can't take it anymore.
Instead, they attempted to rebuild their nuclear program and to continue developing long range missiles that can now threaten our very good friends and allies in Europe, our troops stationed overseas and could soon reach the American homeland.
Just imagine how emboldened this regime would be if they ever had and actually were armed with nuclear weapons as a means to deliver their message.
For these reasons, the United States military has undertaken a massive and ongoing operation to prevent this very wicked, radical dictatorship from threatening America and our core national security interests.
We are going to destroy their missiles and raze their missile industry to the ground.
It will be totally again obliterated. We are going to annihilate their navy.
We are going to ensure that the region's terrorist proxies can no longer destabilize the region or the world and attack our forces and no longer use their IEDs or roadside bombs as they are sometimes called to so gravely wound and kill thousands and thousands of people including many Americans.
And we will ensure that Iran does not obtain a nuclear weapon.
It's a very simple message. They will never have a nuclear weapon.
This regime will soon learn that no one should challenge the strength and might of the United States armed forces.
I built and rebuilt our military in my first administration, and there is no military on earth even close to its power, strength, or sophistication.
My administration has taken every possible step to minimize the risk to US personnel in the region.
Even so, and I do not make this statement lightly, the Iranian regime seeks to kill.
The lives of courageous American heroes may be lost and we may have casualties.
That often happens in war. But we're doing this not for now. We're doing this for the future. And it is a noble mission.
We pray for every service member as they selflessly risk their lives to ensure that Americans and our children will never be threatened by a nuclear armed Iran.
We ask God to protect all of our heroes in harm's way. And we trust that with his help, the men and women of the armed forces will prevail. We have the greatest in the world and they will prevail.
To the members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard, the armed forces, and all of the police, I say tonight that you must lay down your weapons and have complete immunity, or in the alternative, face certain death.
So, lay down your arms, you will be treated fairly with total immunity, or you will face certain death.
Finally, to the great proud people of Iran, I say tonight that the hour of your freedom is at hand.
Stay sheltered. Don't leave your home. It's very dangerous outside.
Bombs will be dropping everywhere. When we are finished, take over your government.
It will be yours to take. This will be probably your only chance for generations.
For many years, you have asked for America's help, but you never got it.
No president was willing to do what I am willing to do tonight.
Now you have a president who is giving you what you want. So let's see how you respond.
America is backing you with overwhelming strength and devastating force.
Now is the time to seize control of your destiny and to unleash the prosperous and glorious future that is close within your reach.
This is the moment for action. Do not let it pass. May God bless the brave men and women of America's armed forces.
May God bless the United States of America. May God bless you all.
Thank you. I love that. I thought that was a fantastic little clip there. I just come back on tonight.
I know it's the wee hours of the morning here in Central America, but I just felt to pray for him, to pray for his cabinet, to pray for the decisions that he makes over the next 48 hours.
I don't think it's coincidence that we have a blood moon on Tuesday. There's a blood moon that comes over our nation on Tuesday.
There's so much prophetic symbolism and things that are happening right now, the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, they're all around us.
The red horse and the things even what Pastor Steve is talking about and the riding of the red horse, the escalation of war, all this stuff's happening, folks.
This is major. Watching the fig tree, what happens with Israel in the days ahead?
What I told you, I saw even last night with Turkey and Syria and Damascus in the next couple of days, praying over Turkey and them retaliating and what could happen and to make this turn into a powderkeg of World War III.
When I was praying over Egypt, it wasn't last night, was it? It was the day before.
My days are running together now because we're making these videos back to back praying over Egypt, praying over that side of the world, praying over an attack against Israel coming out of that area.
There's a lot to pray about. I encourage you even in your prayer time to take just a piece of this because he said pray over the Mediterranean, didn't he?
There were things that the Lord gave us specific instructions to pray over the Mediterranean.
Praying over our battleships, praying over these payloads of these biological weapon things that I keep seeing, trying to spray this mustard looking gas on our troops and the civilians of Israel through payloads.
Now, I'm not a war expert. I don't know what I'm saying. I see in part, I'm telling you, I keep seeing out of the mountains there's some kind of 50-gallon drums that are like a mustard gas and they plan on using this in the days ahead.
So, I believe we can stop this. Now, the other part is praying over what I want to call garbage that President Biden allowed over our border over the last four years prior to President Trump taking office.
I'm telling you, these people are here and we pray over our homeland security and our FBI and our people.
I continue to pray over this and will continue that every single plot, every strategy, every kind of demonic attack that would try to come against our malls, our churches, our sporting events, major gatherings, trains, the prayer event in May. There's so many different things that we do as Americans.
We have get-togethers, but major gatherings, clubs, I hate to say it, honky-tonks, bars, whatever, people that are not paying attention, intoxicated, the strip and he's brought this up to us so many times, praying over the strip in Las Vegas, praying over Trump towers.
We're going to pray over his main buildings in New York concerning the 41st floor, praying over the buildings and the hotels on the Chicago strip where the riverfront is.
I saw the two buildings, subways, mass transit, praying over our water supply, specifically water plants.
If anybody goes back to the videos when I released it concerning attacks against our grid, our water supply, it was vulnerable. And I saw 24 million. I even told you the eagle.
I showed you and told you what the Lord showed me concerning a mass attack against our waterways, our water plants, specifically the Gulf Coast.
So we will continue to stand and pray against every plot, every plan of every wicked man.
I saw the three terrorist men coming out of the border of Mexico area coming into America in a van.
I had specific instruction and I have very detailed visions concerning these men that are very evil that are in our nation.
And they're not all the Lord, people would say, 'Well, they're terrorists.'No, I said this is not terrorists.
I've said it countless times. This is an invasion like a Trojan horse of a foreign nation declaring war.
A D-Day. How many times have you heard me say this? I see a D-Day trying to come on our shore.
A red dawn experience, so much to the point where I feel like it's redundant.
I keep saying it over and over again. This is what we're praying against.
Praying over this network of communications that was millions of dollars paid to get this ready, waiting for the reason to attack.
I've said it over and over and over warning you of what I've seen for over a year and a half now. So, do I believe we're there? Yes.
I have a great urgency concerning our churches, concerning the 250th anniversary of our great nation, but more importantly to pray for President Trump's safety.
Who did I tell you to pray for the most? Don Jr. You must listen to me. Pray for Don Jr. Pray for his daughter Kai.
Pray for the people that are closest to Trump that would try to keep him to be a distraction. We must pray for his family, for the safety of his children.
You must, if you're a believing believer like I am, and I know the power of prayer, that God, that a thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come near that family.
I believe God has a divine purpose. And when Jesus visited me, what was it about four weeks ago, five weeks ago, and he stood here?
He said, 'I'm holding the church accountable to pray.'You must pray for President Trump's safety.
And I believe he will finish his race. He will finish it. And this is how important it is concerning the midterms and us losing the Senate.
I said he is in the valley of decision and the decisions he makes over the next couple of weeks, remember, I said will either make or break midterms.
I said he's in the valley of decision. And the speech that he gives on Tuesday night, which was last Tuesday, I said, will be what basically propels us into even greater end times.
I saw this coming. We're here Tuesday. This is Friday going into Saturday.
And we're there just like the Lord said. It was spot on. We're there.
And he said, Over the next 48 hours, big decisions would be made.
And I interceded and I prayed and I even told you all, you can play the clip.
Do you have it? Well, which one? The one I said, I keep seeing it.
It's going to happen. I can't believe it hasn't happened yet. I got it. Yes. Just give me a second.
So, it's just an urgency that I have tonight to tell you where we are in these end times, folks.
To pray over Israel, to pray over this. I do. I believe we could see Ezekiel 38 and 39 take place right now.
I believe we could be really close. Wouldn't that be amazing to see Bible prophecy unfold right in front of our face?
To see Ezekiel 38 and 39 happen. Do you realize how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
If this stuff starts taking place, play it, buddy. Anything happen, son?
That's how close I'm telling you I feel that it's about to happen. Have our planes done anything? I've been waiting for it.
That's how intense I have felt it all day to pray over our troops, to pray over our boats, like something major is about to take place in the Middle East.
I mean, we are on the verge. I feel like it's thin as rice paper and I'm not surprised we haven't heard anything.
Nothing has happened. It's like I can see it, baby. I pray over those ground troops. I pray over people.
I pray over them, Father, that the angels of the Lord are kept around our men and women of service, our Navy SEALs.
The power of that is so intense. Do you feel it, love? I feel it. It pulls so hard tonight. You keep praying. It's the pulse.
Remember I told you I tried to teach y'all there's certain pulses that we pray and when we hit those pulses we can feel it go and it's a very intense pulse.
This is one that is so intense right now. I feel like I'm having him search the news as I'm telling you.
I feel it, it's about to happen. And it did. And it did. All glory to Jesus, ladies and gentlemen. But that's not the end.
And then I told you what I saw concerning Cuba, concerning Claudia, concerning Cuba, and even I prayed over Cuba last night, which was a couple of hours ago.
It's concerning the trafficking, concerning what's coming concerning Cuba.
He keeps saying, Don't underestimate your enemy. What takes place with Cuba in the days ahead, a retaliation of things.
And I declare that we come against it in the name of Jesus. But the Lord said, Do you see how the Lord is liberating?
It looks like it's causing a window for Iran to have a major revival, for them to have a great awakening, for a harvest of souls.
I believe the same when he visited me in my sleep concerning having translations into North Korea. He said an uprising in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
I was declaring war and all that was on there saying that and the Lord warned us about Afghanistan and Pakistan.
And I said, Braden, did I have that recorded publicly? He said, No, Dave, that was a private conversation.
There were things that I record privately that I don't make public because there's too much detail of what's coming.
I don't allow that stuff to go out anymore publicly, but there's a lot of things that I record privately that Braden has a record of and there's very detailed record of what's coming.
And so I thought about making some of those public. I'm praying about the timing of it because of when I told you Jesus visited me, how that went so viral, and the church—you talk about ruffling the church.
Boy, I tell you, I said pray for the man. Do you understand how much responsibility the church has in this earth to intercede for our leaders?
There's so much immaturity in the church and that's why I've been bringing out even more about the books about the end times and Jesus said that many people will be offended.
There'll be much offense in these last days. I want to go over Matthew 24 and really look at it with a fine-tooth comb.
Go through it. What did Jesus tell us was coming? Many will be offended.
There'll be many false prophets. There'll be this. There'll be that.
There are wars, rumors of wars. There'll be plagues. There'll be pestilence.
There'll be fearful sights. But this is the beginning of sorrows.
And he warns us. And I said, We're right there. I've talked way too long already again.
Here I am again. Two videos in a row today within a couple of hours and here we are again.
But I just wanted to come on and just I just want to pray now. So let's just pray.
We're going to pray over this to rid the Iranian people of this butcher of a man, the Ayatollah Khomeini. He needs to be removed.
And I pray whatever bunker he's at that we find him and we get that rat out of that bunker in the name of Jesus that our Navy SEALs, our men and women of special forces on both sides will find him and eliminate him as quickly as possible.
And the man with the gray hair will rise up and be a good leader for the people.
The prince is who I believe it is. Yeah. The prince will come back.
This prince will come on and help be a good leader for the people. I don't know if he's a tyrant or not. I don't know.
I don't know if we're praying for a good guy or if they're all bad.
I don't know. The one guy acted like he was good. Remember who?
The Iranian channel guy. Yeah, 2C. He actually is good. I don't know.
You don't want to pray for some leader in there. It's like Maliki. He's bad over Iraq. Maliki. He's bad.
He's a bad leader and he was a bad man just like Saddam and he's trying to come back now.
But we want that dinar currency to go up in value. There's a lot of things.
But the devil, remember I told you the prince of Persia had a hold of Iraq.
And in the days ahead, their regime, the prince of Persia—it was representation.
That demonic principality had a hold of Iraq. And he was losing his grip because Iran was about to go down.
And I said, when he loses his grip, I said, the dinar currency will take off.
And I saw palm trees and things take off and I said he has a hold of it and the influence of the prince of Persia will lose his grip in the days ahead.
Does anybody remember that? Comment down below if you remember what the Lord told us about the prince of Persia losing his grip.
And I said he was sweating profusely for what's about to take place.
So what happens now? Where are we with that? That's something to pray about.
So, just like Venezuela, I pray that this guy is judged and tried for all the war crimes and the hate he's done to the people of Iran, killing tens of thousands of them in the protests here lately.
They said that he's slaughtered them. He's a butcher. And so we pray that he is judged.
So let's pray. Who wants to pray for a little bit? We'll pray over President Trump for sure.
He needs peace. So Father, we lift up President Trump before you right now in the name of Jesus.
We believe, Father, that the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And I pray over his mind. I pray over him in the name of Jesus that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
Father, our troops, our men and women of service, are strategic in their strikes against their missile systems, their biological attacks, their drones, and their nuclear facilities.
Father, I thank you Lord that it will be precise and everything will be without losing one service member.
We will not lose any of our troops in the name of Jesus on our navy.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our navy right now in the name of Jesus.
We call any kind of uprising from Russia or China in the name of Jesus that this will not happen and escalate into even a greater war.
We plead the blood of Jesus and we call cool heads to prevail.
I see North Korea. Y'all just pray with me for a second here. I see Kim.
He said, remember the couch sitting down and he was talking on his phone.
Remember what I told you? He was talking on his phone to these places.
Kim the social pariah. Watch the social pariah. Is that the social pariah?
Putin. It is the man with the white beard. India. Modi. Modi.
There will be certain Arab nations that rejoice over the removing of him of the Ayatollah.
Saudi, the prince, peace in the region. They say peace in the region.
Yemen, it is because they have strategic interest, China and Russia concerning Iran, strategic interest, it is surface strategic interest concerning World War II rebellion, a regime change.
Watch Trump move even faster because of being concerned about the Senate, concerned about the House.
Watch him move so fast between March and the midterms. Watch him move so fast because he knows he's running out of time concerning foreign affairs.
An anchored shore. We pray over Taiwan. We pray over Taiwan. We put a hedge around about Taiwan. I see a gold dump.
As they are so distracted with the Middle East, do we push it and go now?
I hear them talking. There are things happening as we wake up right now.
Conversations are happening right now. I hear the chatter.
I am almost agnostic as he is distracted with what he is doing right now.
Their boats, all their stuff. Could we take Taiwan right now?
We put a bloodline around Taiwan. We put a bloodline around South Korea.
We cover you in the name of Jesus. We say there is a covering over you in the name of Jesus.
Devotion. South Korea is trying to raise his voice up real loud concerning this.
South Korea is saying no in our region, and allies, strategic allies.
The same with Japan. And I see even Australia. I see Australia concerning Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan.
They are the ones standing on that side saying no. You know, this is why I see Hawaii highlighted before me, a mid-ground.
Pray over Hawaii. They are trying not to escalate into a great war.
For I plead the blood over all this. Oh Father, I thank you Lord.
That the underground church would rise up and pray. That the underground church would rise up and pray.
You know what is so interesting as I pray into this, it has nothing to do with Iran, it has everything to do with Taiwan.
Everything I am seeing concerning this whole prayer right now is concerning China and Taiwan.
A decision is being made concerning Xi Jinping and his military.
There are some that are for it and some that are against it. It is like trying to be a coup.
I hear a coup. But little Kim is the one that is the problem. He is concerned about himself.
It is paranoia concerning Kim. He has a paranoia around him right now.
There is a demonic spirit pushing him and he is being pushed by the influence around him concerning family, concerning his position as a leader over North Korea.
We pray for protection over President Trump. I thank you Lord that your angels are all around him.
Just like you protected him the first time on July the 13th. Father, you are a God that will protect him again.
The hand of the Lord is on President Trump. Father, we call protection over him.
He did the right thing. What you wanted, Lord. You said the valley of decision.
Pray over the valley of decision. Lord, it looks like this is the first phase to liberate the people.
Concerning these decisions, what does he do in the days ahead?
The valley of decisions will be the make-or-break concerning him.
How does he handle it? Does he stand with Israel or does he not?
What happens with the Jonathan and David type of relationship in the end?
Those that bless him, I will bless and those that curse, I will curse. Watch what I do.
For great wealth out of the Mediterranean, great wealth, great blessing, great increase.
I keep seeing it right now. I yield to the anointing of the prophet.
I yield to the anointing of the seer. I see a volcano getting ready to erupt.
Literally, a major volcano is about to erupt. Shaking in the earth's crust as a sign concerning all these things.
It is almost like you see not just one about wars and rumors of wars, major signs in the earth's crust, signs in the weather, signs of the times, not just with wars, but with the escalation of other things.
Do you realize how much he wants to get your attention? World, church, it is time to wake up.
He said he does not want any man to perish, but all to come to repentance, a shaking to awaken the world, to bring the bride to his side for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
What gets people's attention? A lot of the world is asleep. But when they start to see the wars, the plague that I believe is coming, we are on the heels of it.
A major plague, worse than the bubonic, like the black plague.
I have seen this. It will be so bad it will shake the nations. All of these things point so close to the end.
We are right at paper-thin major events taking place. I said people will leave the east coast in the days ahead.
Father, we thank you Lord for your protection over our troops today.
Over every boat, over the aircraft carriers, over all of it.
I praise you, Father. No drone attacks, no bombardment of any of it, Father.
They'll just lay down their arms and they'll walk away. I'm not sure. Foreign. Yes.
Rafa, honey, if you want to go work on those shorts while I'm praying, you're fine.
I'll pray while you do that. There's no reason why you have to watch that.
I'm just praying. I know you have a lot to do and it's getting really late here.
I'll pray. Don't worry about them. You're good. Underwater drones with torpedoes on a boat.
I see this on the boats. You hear me? There's boats, underwater drones with torpedoes, with little propellers. Ready. I plead the blood over the buildings in New York.
I plead the blood over our subway systems, over Boston, over Chicago, over our buildings, over Seattle, the 10 major cities.
Over every one of our churches. Thank you, Father, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
The covering. Always in the right place at the right time. Thank you, Father. Over Tel Aviv.
Over every drone concerning our boats, concerning our ships, every drone, every missile.
Protection over our stuff, over our people. Protection, no weapon formed against our men and women of service will prosper.
We thank you, Lord. Cool heads will prevail. They want to be free of their tiring government; they would wise up as people and say, why would we fight back?
Let him come and let's get this guy out of here. That their military and their police force would just say, we give up arms, let them come in and bring in a new front, because they're just tired of it.
Thank you, Lord. All the visions that you've showed us, we pray a diffusing of it.
Peace. Peace. Peace. And the people, our troops, won't lose any lives.
None of our troops will lose their lives. I believe it. It'll be supernatural.
Thank you, Father. You know what's interesting, Braden? It was so much more about Taiwan tonight so far.
Praying over South Korea and praying over the Asian people, very strong concerning this, for Xi Jinping making major moves with Kim in a coup, because Kim was upset.
But what's interesting is I was praying over Iran. And the more I pray over Iran, it's like it's taken care of. It's like it's bathed in prayer.
What we've already done, and there's so many of you and there's other prayer groups that have prayed over Israel.
But for whatever it is, whenever I'm coming up to this tonight and I'm praying over it this morning, it's more about Asia and the decisions that China makes in the next, for how long, really quick with this concerning Taiwan, as the United States is preoccupied with Iran and Cuba and what I see with Venezuela.
There's too many irons in the fire. Taiwan is a sitting duck.
Praying over them, a hedge of blood around and about them, a wall of glory.
But I saw even Australia and South Korea and Japan and the like allies concerning this saying, listen, coming to the aid of Taiwan, not letting China just be the bully saying we're going to take it.
And so we're just praying for a confusion in the camp of China and that the underground church would rise up and a major revival would take place in China.
South Korea, and to remove the tyrant government of North Korea, bringing down the iron curtain for a major revival in North Korea.
Another major area that needs a revival like Iran. Another domino.
I just believe it. I just believe it. I'm good. I just praise the Lord for it tonight.
Another river and then a volcano. Thank you, Father, in Hawaii.
Praying over Hawaii. Honolulu. Our air bases, our military bases in Hawaii.
Thank you, Father. Lord, we thank you, Lord, as we take our seat tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that our troops are protected. Thank you, Lord.
Not in a rush, Father. We just keep sitting at your feet. We're just resting and we wait on you.
That you would expose and you show us anything that we need to see.
That you would show us anything that we need to see in the name of Jesus. Protect President Trump, Father. Give him peace.
Give him wisdom in what he needs to do, and most of all, let him be able to sleep when he sleeps, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Restful, peaceful sleep. We believe, Lord. We believe protection.
Anything else? Any other strikes? Anything else? Did you see, son?
What was that? That's a major something. Pinpoint accuracy.
That means they shut down their airspace. Have they done any retaliation?
Who is that guy right there? Iran says President Pezeshkian is in good health. Who's that? President, you see how it goes like this?
When you're in the spirit and when you're praying like that, it's almost like you wait for your cues again.
You get a little break. It's not just push, push, push, and then you'll jump in the river again. He made a video.
The President of the United States promise to brave people in Iran has now arrived to humanitarian intervention and is targeting the Islamic Republic, and he's not against it though.
That's the one that I believe he's going to take the job. But it's like you feel the cues and they pull you in and then you'll get a break and then you'll hit it and then you'll feel the cue to jump again.
But when you get in that river, there's breaks and then you wait to see if the Lord is using you that time to pull or you go again in the river and that's what it does.
There's like a laws. There's pauses and you'll learn as you pray.
There's little pauses and you'll flow with it and you'll go and you'll pause and I've never really understood why, but it's very interesting.
But I've learned to flow like that. So, but it was about Taiwan and that's what was interesting tonight.
Praying over the Asian people. So, I don't feel anymore right now.
I feel like we'll end and we'll pray again tomorrow. That was a good shot.
Those tomahawks. The tomahawk missiles. Billy Burke called. He's watching. That's pretty neat. I appreciate y'all.
I call my spiritual one of my spiritual mentors is Billy Burke. He called.
People are all wondering what's going on with Israel and all this stuff right now.
The things we're praying over, the things we're speaking about, and the Lord is that we're so close to the Lord's coming.
Are y'all excited? It's almost like you pinch yourself because as a I don't consider myself old. I'm getting older, but I'm still young.
But seeing this, and you know with my mom and dad, everybody, we've all waited for this for so long and we watched Charles Capps and Hilton Sutton and all the end-time teachers teaching us and telling us these days were coming in the days ahead.
To see the end times unfold right in front of your face, don't you have such an expectation?
You watch and go, "This is really happening. The Bible is unfolding right in front of our faces."What is that son?
Reporters, I don't know this. I just saw it. It said a report that a bright UFO was seen today over Tehran prior to US-Israeli attacks.
Look at that. I hope there's no foul language. I don't think it needs it.
We don't know if they're cussing over there or not because they speak a different language than us. So if they're using bad words, we don't know.
We just go, "What's she saying?"They could be dropping a lot of bad words and you're going, "Hey, that's really cool,"while they are saying foul language.
You don't know. It's a ball. Do you know when I told you I saw the balls flying around and I said people are going to say they're aliens?
There's no such thing as aliens. It's fallen angels. This is demonic.
Well, this looks like it's probably American technology, some kind of cool weapons or stuff we don't know we have.
Whenever I saw in the spirit the other couple nights ago, the Lord said, "Be still."He didn't want me talking about it.
I said, "There's weapons that you all don't realize what we have that they're going to start to use, and it's going to be shock and awe."I'm curious if they'll use them this time.
Praying against Iran's defense, what I saw about China even last night before the first video I did today, I am praying over that because of this web.
I saw this satellite with these other little satellites pulling out of this one, and they attached themselves to each other and sent down electromagnetic pulses like an EMP burst.
But it just knocked out the power grid for a little bit. It wasn't like a major EMP that would last forever and fry all your stuff.
But this was just a pulse of power that just knocked out the electric grid for a little bit, until you reboot it again, and it knocks your computers out and delays you for an hour or two.
I saw this weapon that would knock the power grid out with the pulse.
It was the most intense thing I was seeing in the spirit realm this last video.
Again, the Lord keeps showing me these weapons that have never been seen before.
Kind of like a defibrillator, when you shock somebody's heart like that, it was sending pulses down like some kind of laser from outer space.
I keep seeing these green lasers and it's just over-the-top stuff.
I wonder, "What is all this Lord?"when I'm praying. I pray the video blessed you all.
I know I came on at a very odd hour and I'm really shocked at how many people came at this time of night.
We had almost 5,000 people in the middle of the morning. Wherever you are, welcome.
If you're not new to our channel, it's 4:00 in the morning here in America, Central.
It's way early; sun is coming up soon. It's about two hours away from the sun starting to come up.
Pretty amazing where we are. Thank you for joining us so early.
Like, subscribe, and click the notification bell. Where are you at right now?
Who are we ministering to? Is there a lot of Americans on right now?
It said 60% or something like that in the beginning when you first started. 40% from anywhere else in the world.
Australia, London, Melbourne, California, Texas, London, UK, Australia.
I figured a lot of Australians. Trinidad, South Korea. We're praying a lot for you all tonight.
India. That's wonderful. Thank you all for praying with us.
That's pretty good. Tomahawk, that's what I saw Zelensky asking for.
I said if they send those over there, they shoot them into the Kremlin and it gets really nasty really quick.
They had red-tip missiles. Remember that? The red-tip missile.
Those things are bad to the bone. They go way inland and they are very powerful little missiles.
Kind of looks like a cross, doesn't it? It's not a cross, folks.
That's not a good thing. Watching our stuff go over like that is scary. We have some really cool weapons.
Nothing's really cool about a weapon, but it's pretty amazing the stuff that we have.
Praise the Lord. Father, I just thank you, Lord, as we close.
Father, they go about their day, Lord, we just thank you for this time of prayer. We accomplished much.
Father, we thank you for another time we rest and we wake up refreshed and ready to pray again tomorrow.
Father, I have an urgency to pray Saturday. We'll pray again in a couple hours. The Lord has really put it on my heart.
Of course, this was the major thing that I've been praying over and it's happening.
Now I'll pray over South Korea and over China that they won't attack Taiwan and that this will not be an escalation of World War III for a greater, massive war.
We'll keep praying for no retaliations on our own homeland soil for what I've seen too.
Isn't it amazing because it seems like Australia is always down at the bottom and they're kind of to themselves?
They never have to really worry about all the craziness. They're separated.
Y'all are safe down south. Australia doesn't seem to stick their nose in anything.
They're way down south. They're just hanging out. They're like, "Hey man, put another shrimp on the barbie, mate.
We ain't going to get involved in anything. Just leave us alone."I love the Australians.
I love the way you all talk. When I watch your stuff, I think the way you talk is fun.
I'm sure they look at us and say the same thing. I love the way your all's accents are.
Christie Caine has a cool accent. Is it getting warm down there yet?
It's starting to turn winter, right? Australia is going to start getting cool.
It's starting to get warm here. It was 80 degrees. It was hot. We're supposed to get a lot of rain.
I don't know how hot it's going to be there, but it should be starting to get cold in Australia, right?
Winter's coming. They're getting ready to go into their fall.
It's 72 in Sydney. That's beautiful. That's gorgeous. 72 degrees.
9% are watching from Australia. I watch you from Australia.
That's not very much. Hi everywhere. India, New Zealand. That's cool. We don't travel much. We're home people.
When I hear all these people from all around the world, I wonder what that's like there.
Would it be fun to travel? I just don't like airplanes. The Lord told me one day you'll travel a lot.
So I embrace the time at home while the Lord's had us here because I know that we'll be traveling soon because he told me he wants me to travel and go around and see everybody everywhere.
My flesh doesn't like that too much. Get in a plane and go across the world.
We will do it. UAE confirms casualties from Iran's missile debris.
We hope and pray for the innocent civilians. It was Iran that struck them.
They retaliated. The casualties were from Iranian missiles.
Seen from interceptions of Iranian missiles in the skies of Dubai.
So that is where they were targeting. A US base in Dubai, UAE, by Iranian missiles. We were praying over the bases earlier today.
If you have not watched that video yet, we prayed over that a lot and prayed over the bases because the Lord showed us surprise attacks trying to come against our bases in Kuwait.
We will continue to pray for that. We love you all. I pray you enjoyed this.
I know it is a different time, but I am going to go. Thank you for joining us so early this morning.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you. We will be back again here in a little bit to pray more.